[3276] Fix incorrect template rendering (#3279)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Fix template rendering for the GraphQLView, so that variables are not consumed
> too early if one overrides the template using the well-known path. The symptom
> is that nothing loads because `JSON.parse("")` is a syntax error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release addresses an issue in Django's GraphQLView. Previously, variables were consumed too early when overriding the template, leading to a syntax error in the JavaScript code.
```

I think this reads a bit better 😊
